Update filter and post filter RHS value when changing LHS type (#1065)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/twenty-flies-smell.md

---
'@finos/legend-query': patch
---

> Update filter and post filter RHS value when changing LHS type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a problem with adjusting (post) filter's RHS value when changing type for LHS.
```
